Equitable use: We don't have any different language options or anything, so that might be a point against us. 
Otherwise I doubt any users are segregated or stigmatized. Our inclusion of the 'accessibility' metric is our 
attempt to be equitable to users based on physical ability. Perhaps some noise-level metric could help for
accessibility sometimes.

Flexibility in use: As it is the user really has very few options in how it is used. That of course just stems
from stuff related to our time thing. It's java and mostly usable on one's own computer. I suppose as a result 
much of the flexibility in use comes from their computer. A read/write program if the user has it could dictate 
our boxes to the user, for example. Maybe the map system could pose an issue for things like that, however. We 
don't really need to adapt to the user's precision, handedness, or pace.

Simple and Intuitive Use: I think our system is very simple and intuitive to use. Some of our simpicity comes
from not wanting to make a terribly complicated UI, but it comes out to a good thing all the same. The visuals
are clear and simple to understand. Big win

Perceptible Information: I think our text is very perceptible. The map perhaps less so, in a perfect world we
would create a new, clearer map graphic rather than the one we are using that's from a few years ago. I think
it's very easy to describe the different elements of our program. There's little pictoral, verbal, or tactile
means of delivering information however.

Tolerance for error: Not great, since we ask for users to type often and we only use String == String checks
in java to figure out what they said. Maybe using more buttons and drop-down menus and fewer text boxes could
be a better choice. I might still implement that, actually. I mean if they enter things wrong usually they
just have to retry, so that helps.

Low physical effort: This one I think is fair. Maybe make the user switch back and forth between mouse and
keyboard less. But otherwise it's very much a non-taxing program. It's also one that by design a person won't
be using for very long, so 'repetitive strain' is a bit of a nebulous concept for it but we do minimize 
repetitive strain, the way I see it.

Size and space for approach and use: Most of this is hardware I suppose, and so the fact that this is a java
program makes us fit in with this rule about as well as most of the projects from this class do. Perhaps larger
text could help size and space for approach and use. But the mouse and keyboard controls keep some limitations 
in there.

Target demo:
  Naturally, as a UofT-specific program, our user base is limited in that important way, to UofT students. Our 
  purpose is to find, chronicle and rate study spaces and food spaces on-campus, so it could appeal especially
  to students who live off-campus and far from campus for that reason. Maybe to people who are in programs that
  don't have particularly incredible buildings but have a lot of homework. I couldn't tell you.
  
 Less-likely demo:
  Again, we see the UofT limitation rear its head. There are demographics less likely to go to UofT, and consequently
  less likely to have use for our project. But I'm not sure those groups raise much of an accessibility concern. As 
  mentioned briefly in the last paragraph, commute could figure in. The more wealthy a student is the easier it may 
  be to commmute, or to live closer to campus, thus the less likely they are to use our project. I'm not sure if
  'wealthy' is the kind of demographic you're looking for. As of right now, it's impossible for blind people to use 
  our system without having some kind of dictation software already, which they might, but still. Overall, though, 
  I think it's a program that lends itself nearly equally well to most demographics.
